but all Nima's are not brown and this is
the most handsome and strikingly colored
species of all the Magnificent ruffed
lemur nearly 4 feet long now sadly
increasingly rare
I know of no certain explanation for
this startling black and white coloring
so like that of a giant panda however
whereas the drab brown Nima is active
during the day this ruffed lemur is
mostly nocturnal and many animals that
only come out at night
a colored black and white like the
Badger or the skunk
perhaps so that they can readily see and
recognize one another when it's dark
actually the coloring of this creature
is very variable the markings are not
always the same shape and sometimes the
patches that are white in this one are
in others a handsome reddish gold
the lemurs with their fox-like faces and
their human-like hands and feet belong
to the group of primates the group which
contains monkeys apes and man himself
but the lemurs are more primitive than
any of these other families and appeared
much earlier in geological history in
fact millions of years ago there were
many more types of lemur than there are
found today including a monster that was
almost the size of a donkey which since
it presumably had a long furry tail must
have been a really strange beast but of
all the surviving species this is I
think the most handsome
you